Shawn Phalen: Hey,
Shawn Phalen: Can you hear me.
Tiffanyg: Yeah, okay.
Shawn Phalen: Hey, I'm Sean
Tiffanyg: Hi I'm Tiffany I have one question. How long do you think this is going to take, because I didn't realize my daughter has to be picked up at eight o'clock from work.
Shawn Phalen: Will be done.
Tiffanyg: Okay, okay.
Shawn Phalen: What time do you have to leave together.
Tiffanyg: I don't live far so I can leave like a couple minutes people and that'll be fine.
Okay.
Tiffanyg: Even if I'm a couple minutes late. It's fine. I just
Tiffanyg: Don't want to be more like five or 10 minutes late. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: No worries.
Shawn Phalen: This should only take about 20 minutes so we'll just we'll go through it. So I'm one of the therapist separate hearts and I'm just going to be asking you some background questions. Probably what you've been asked before.
Tiffanyg: Just for for me. So I have the information
Shawn Phalen: And then also we can talk about. Have you ever had. Individual therapy before
Tiffanyg: Lots of times. Yes. Okay. And are you seeing anybody right now. No anymore. I was seeing Vinnie Capello at the clinic here, but then
Tiffanyg: Because I had progress so long we just decided I didn't need to come anymore because the group setting with Tony was working well for me without just counseling also
Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Um, so what bright heart is requiring is that each person meet with a therapist at least twice a month.
Tiffanyg: Really, yeah.
Shawn Phalen: So, um,
Tiffanyg: You told me this will be a one time.
Tiffanyg: Boy, man. So
Shawn Phalen: Let's just go through this and then we can talk about it. Okay. Okay. So tell me, like, what brought you to break her why now.
Tiffanyg: I've been in the Suboxone program for four years and just transferred over right okay
Tiffanyg: So you've been on Suboxone and it works really well for you. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so what was your drug of choice.
Tiffanyg: Um, well, a long time ago used to be math. And then I went from math to doing pills.
Tiffanyg: And that was what originally got me in the program.
Shawn Phalen: All right, what kind of pills are you taking
Tiffanyg: Like Norco or Percocet.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, right. And how many pills a day where you take it.
Tiffanyg: Actually, the most that I ever took in a day was 10. Okay, so how long, how much clean time do you have
Tiffanyg: Off of opiates. Yeah, I'm April 10 was my three years.
Tiffanyg: Okay.
Shawn Phalen: That's great, really good.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah. And so you're obviously doing the groups.
Tiffanyg: Yeah I do, once a month with Dr groups, but I do twice a week with them. Tony Costa
Tiffanyg: rica crew. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Okay with you on
Tiffanyg: Wednesday and Friday.
Shawn Phalen: How come you doing to
Tiffanyg: Because I've been in the program for three or four years, basically.
Shawn Phalen: Okay. All right, so
Shawn Phalen: All right, so tell me how long, how long have you been using math.
Tiffanyg: On and off. I was like 10 years
Tiffanyg: And it would be like a year or two here, there, and then I quit for a while and then I go back to using here and there. Um, it started out because I'm originally, I didn't know I had an underactive thyroid and I was always tired and I couldn't keep up with five kids so right now.
Tiffanyg: And I've had a lot of trauma.
Tiffanyg: throughout my life.
Tiffanyg: Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Have you talked about the trauma and
Tiffanyg: Oh, yeah.
Shawn Phalen: And then, how long have you been taking the pills.
Tiffanyg: Um, I think it was only for about two years okay so
Tiffanyg: Originally originally I had
Tiffanyg: Injured my shoulder. I didn't have evidence, but I was pretty sure that my drink got rufino at the bar because i don't i
Tiffanyg: Actually took my own alcohol and mixed drink myself, but I left it on the table to go to the bathroom and when I came back I chugged it and it was only my second drink, and then I literally got like
Tiffanyg: Probably eight blocks from where I was. And then I don't remember really anything except for when my cousin showed up and tried to pick me up my shoulder hurt really bad. And he said that he popped it back into place. So originally that's what started all of it. Okay.
Tiffanyg: Okay, honestly.
Tiffanyg: That wasn't what got me into the program at the clinic. I was actually trying to quit doing opiates on my own, but I'm
Tiffanyg: One of my daughters was seduced by when she was 12 by a 22 year old male and
Tiffanyg: I'm my son stopped that. And then a few months later, my daughter. That's a year and a half, older than her was raped by a 35 year old male, and then a few months after that, the guy who was dating at the time. Baby Mama, excuse me, I'm a child.
Tiffanyg: I have been molested as a child myself. So all of this.
Tiffanyg: Like was kind of overwhelming and what had happened was I had taken a bunch of my own prescription medications and tried to overdose, because I reached out to CPS asking what I can you know get help with no return phone calls and
Tiffanyg: My mom thought that I was just high on drugs and said, if you don't get checked yourself into a program
Tiffanyg: You're not going to like the results. I'm like, I don't need to check into a program I need mental health help. And at that time I didn't trust.
Tiffanyg: The mental health here because the lady, I was working for was really good friends with the director and I would overhear them talking about patients, which is against the law. You don't talk about first and last name so
Tiffanyg: I had really no other you know outlets, nobody was listening to me.
Tiffanyg: Right, so it was really kind of a shitty situation because had CPS phone back any one of those five times that I had called I wouldn't have tried to overdose.
Tiffanyg: So,
Shawn Phalen: Did your kids get taken at all, or did
Tiffanyg: It for six weeks. Yeah.
Tiffanyg: But I, I only gave them the the clinic or not the clinic with the
Tiffanyg: CPS people only gave them to dirty test the whole time that I had a case. And I told him it was in the very beginning I had been clean and then I gone to a huge fight with my mom and her husband and I ended up using
Tiffanyg: That time. And then one other time after that. And I told them, you're never going to get another dirty test for me and they didn't
Shawn Phalen: Okay, who has the kids are they with family or was it
Tiffanyg: They were with my mom, but she is married to someone that's registered sex offender. So she couldn't keep them.
Tiffanyg: Which the circumstances behind what happened with him. I don't believe he should have went to prison because it was his knees and the
Tiffanyg: She was a pathological liar tried to do it to for the people, people after he was sent to prison.
Tiffanyg: He just took a plea bargain, so he could be in his kids his lives when you know when they were teenagers instead of for the rest of his life to be in jail so I don't believe that what happened, but it's still the fact that that
Tiffanyg: Made it to where she couldn't have my kids. She never thought about that when she never thought that would make me feel being a child that was molested and
Tiffanyg: That was like the hardest thing for her to get she just wanted to be happy. And it's like, but you don't understand how that makes me feel
Tiffanyg: How people look at me when I was molested as a child and now you're married to somebody that has that title and she just the life of her couldn't understand it.
Shawn Phalen: So do you have contact with your mom now.
Tiffanyg: We have a lot better relationship. Now that I've been in the program for longer and
Tiffanyg: We there's certain things that we don't necessarily talk about because it's touchy subjects and she's been through a lot because
Tiffanyg: Her husband decided to start using to so now she's a kind of seeing that it's not as simple as she thought to just quit because that's what she. Why can't you just wait. Why can't you just quit well
Tiffanyg: It's she
Shawn Phalen: Does she have any addiction issues herself now okay she
Tiffanyg: Never she never been a drinker never smoked pot never done any kind of drugs now.
Tiffanyg: When she was prescribed her prescription
Tiffanyg: Bike it in. She won't even take but a quarter of one at a time. So,
Shawn Phalen: And then do you would have it siblings. Do you have siblings that you're
Tiffanyg: Biologically, I have one brother with the same mother and father, and then another brother that has the same dad. Okay.
Are you close
Tiffanyg: No, no, no, what with what half brother lives in Texas. I'm more close to him than my my actual brother that I grew up with, because he is turning out to be a womanizing person just like my dad. Hmm.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so, um,
Shawn Phalen: So how many times have you been in treatment before you got on Suboxone. Have you tried previous times. No, no. So this is really
Tiffanyg: Like no, because I i did it on my own and I went, several years without doing anything until I got injured and it wasn't like
Tiffanyg: I did it on purpose because my accident the injury was considered alcohol related they wouldn't prescribe me anything and I physically couldn't work a job or do anything.
Tiffanyg: Because the pain was so much and and the person I worked for was a physical therapist. So I was even going to physical therapy, and it was still hard to do any of the work and with not nothing for the pain and not able to cope it i mean
Tiffanyg: I bought him off the street.
Shawn Phalen: Are you working now.
Tiffanyg: No, I have that job for a few years and I'm
Tiffanyg: After
Tiffanyg: I think after I got fired I that's when I started to a little bit more pills here and there. And that's kind of, you know,
Tiffanyg: What led things never
Tiffanyg: saw me doing them and told my mom.
Tiffanyg: And she was the one that turned me
Shawn Phalen: She turned you into
DPS
Tiffanyg: When when i when i overdose. She thought I was just high on pills and I told her I wasn't, I tried to overdose, because I tried to tell her everything that happened, and she just didn't want to listen to me.
Tiffanyg: Nobody at that time was listening to me it was like one of the hardest things to go through. I mean even the cops didn't even physically do a report about my daughter's rape.
Tiffanyg: And CPS was even supposed to get to the bottom of it and never nothing ever came of it ever
Tiffanyg: And not okay.
Shawn Phalen: Do you wear. Who do you live with now.
Tiffanyg: Myself and my daughter.
Tiffanyg: Okay. How old is she, she is going to be 18 in December.
Okay.
Tiffanyg: But hardest for me was knowing what I had been through and trying to talk to my daughter about the experiences.
Tiffanyg: And how to cope with it and she wouldn't speak to nobody. And because I tried to overdose. I had to tell people why and part of that was because of what happened to her and she felt like I betrayed her. So by me helping myself I'm losing my daughter's trust this whole time.
Tiffanyg: Was really hard.
Shawn Phalen: When did you try an overdose.
Tiffanyg: Oh, it's been over four years now. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: So the
Time.
Shawn Phalen: Your other kids.
Tiffanyg: They're all I only have one other one that's under 18 the rest of them are all 18 now.
Tiffanyg: Okay, where's
Tiffanyg: Anywhere younger one he was with his dad. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: And do you have to contact with them.
Tiffanyg: Yeah, yesterday was the 15th birthday, actually. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so any legal issues that you're dealing with now and
Tiffanyg: Actually, I just happen to get a DUI for weed.
Shawn Phalen: When
Tiffanyg: I like a week and a half ago, and I was pretty upset because I literally had only it was mostly CBD and I'd only taken two hits, but the officer pulled me over because I had my high beams on
Tiffanyg: He literally made me do the breathalyzer didn't believe that I hadn't been drinking past the breathalyzer and still made me go give him my blood.
And so they
Tiffanyg: Know that they haven't even got the results back. No, he just said because I told him that I had taken a couple hits earlier. He was arrested me for DUI.
Shawn Phalen: Did you get arrested or cited
Tiffanyg: No, I went to jail for five friggin hours and I wasn't even stoned. I was so mad because it was late at night. I couldn't see
Tiffanyg: On the road that I was driving down to find the road that I was trying to get to my high beams on
Tiffanyg: This car comes up fast, so I didn't look him up fast enough. And I realized is a cop and he flips around so I passed the road that I was going to, and he pulls me over.
Tiffanyg: And as we do all these fields ready test and flip flops no jacket. I'm literally shivering. And I'm like, I can't do this and
Tiffanyg: Let's see. No, he gives me the breathalyzer, I'm like, am I going to jail. And he's like, hold on just a minute. And he's like, okay, it was zeros, like you said,
Tiffanyg: And I was like okay and so I'm thinking, Is he gonna let me go what's going on. Next thing I know, he says, Put your hands behind your back. I'm taking your jail for DUI.
Shawn Phalen: Do you have a card.
Tiffanyg: No, but it's legal here.
Right.
Tiffanyg: And I was unaware that
Tiffanyg: You're supposed to wait four hours before driving
Tiffanyg: Which seems a little long, because we doesn't even keep you high for that long, and especially if it's mainly CBD CBD is not supposed to be considered the same
Tiffanyg: And I specifically said, so what happens is when you get that blood work back though, it shows my levels are super low for weed and he's like, it's not gonna matter.
Tiffanyg: How, then, why'd you need to take my blood, you know, it doesn't make sense. I think he was just trying to railroad me because I was by myself, honestly.
Tiffanyg: Oh, and not mentioning he asked me what other prescriptions. I was on and the moment that I said Suboxone oh you're coming off of heroin.
Tiffanyg: I'm like, I've never touched heroin in my life and it's like he didn't believe that Suboxone can be used for pain or opiates, it's only for heroin. And so the misconception by law enforcement here is horrible. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so you have a court date coming up.
July.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, you have an attorney.
Tiffanyg: Not yet, because that's the first coordinate because of all the coven 19 they pushed it out for a while.
Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, any other addictive behaviors that you had no no
Tiffanyg: No, it was mainly because I wasn't getting the help mentally and any program that I've been in prior to this did not like actually get down to core feelings and like the dynamics were so different. It didn't really help. And until I saw Tony costs and start doing her program.
Tiffanyg: Everything just didn't help me. But now, since I've been with Tony and doing everything with that and and being able to talk freely and not feel judged has really made it so much better. Okay. Okay, good.
Shawn Phalen: So are you are you wanting individual therapy. Are you feeling like the groups are good for you.
Tiffanyg: The groups are good for me. I don't feel I need individual counseling right now. Yeah.
Tiffanyg: I'd be the first one to tell you I needed if I need it because now that I have other options, you know,
Shawn Phalen: Right. Exactly. Okay. So how often are you smoking weed.
Tiffanyg: Um,
Tiffanyg: Most of the time, just before I go to bed because sometimes I have a hard time falling asleep.
Tiffanyg: Okay, I don't usually typically smoke a lot during the day because I don't like I like I just like to be able to feel relaxed and go to sleep. Easy.
Shawn Phalen: Do you have any anxiety.
Tiffanyg: Um, I've always thought that I did. But what I was seeing a psychiatrist. She everything she tried to give me what didn't help. I mean, I'm taking 50 milligrams of Zoloft, again, I decided to put myself back on that.
Right.
Tiffanyg: I was flying for a while without taking it. But then I just felt my emotions and that see that's what makes me want to use is
Tiffanyg: When I feel so emotional that I can't handle the emotional emotions. That's what's one of my triggers. So instead of wanting to relapse. I decided why not just go back on the Zoloft and
Tiffanyg: Well done it.
You know, right. Okay, that's good.
Shawn Phalen: And you've had luck with the Zoloft in the past.
Tiffanyg: Yeah, okay. And who's
Shawn Phalen: Who's the prescribing doctor for you at right her
Tiffanyg: Doctor, Dr. Gross.
Shawn Phalen: Okay. Okay. And do you have any questions for me anything you wanted to ask
Tiffanyg: Um, if, if, per se. I did want to get individual counseling later on. What I just call in and what I tell boys and girls. How does it work.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, you can just call and say that you want to have an individual counselor. You want individual therapy.
Tiffanyg: Now, what about if there was a crisis situation. Do you guys have those options.
Sometimes we do, sometimes
Shawn Phalen: Yeah. So typically, if you're in crisis. Do you have a record the crisis line.
No.
Shawn Phalen: So you guys what county. Are you in
Tiffanyg: Denmark, I don't. I won't go through mental health, though. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Hey there should be a crisis hotline.
Tiffanyg: Yeah, it's terminal health which I won't go through that.
Tiffanyg: It's very small town, so we don't we have very limited options here. Yeah.
Tiffanyg: That's why I asked, did you guys had a crisis.
Tiffanyg: stuff there.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah we we
Tiffanyg: I mean I can always get a hold of Tony if it's super serious and I can't get ahold of anybody through bright heart. I do have that option so
Tiffanyg: Okay, but that was like one of my main concerns previously just because I know if something seriously traumatic happens that I will need to talk to somebody. I mean, I, every day I deal with my 22 year old son who was diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia.
Tiffanyg: Yeah, because of drug use.
Really, yes.
Shawn Phalen: Where's he living
Tiffanyg: Me technically resides at my mom's but right now he's kind of on the run is a
Tiffanyg: There is in trouble with the law.
Tiffanyg: Well, yeah, he's on
Tiffanyg: He's on probation. And then he decided to start smoking weed and drinking again. And just when all this stuff with coven started. He just quit going to everything.
Let's see user
Tiffanyg: Because of his baby mama. Yes.
Tiffanyg: He got was somebody that was quite a bit when he was 17 she was 25 and she got pregnant with her fourth child with my son.
Tiffanyg: And he she got him into using meth and heroin, but I don't think he really used heroin. Very often, it was more so meth, or if it was mixed it or something, I don't know.
Shawn Phalen: And he's 22
Tiffanyg: You just turned 22 in March. Yeah.
Tiffanyg: Just mental illness running his family, no, not like that. No.
Tiffanyg: Medication. Mm hmm. Yeah, but he he started having the issues right when I started the program at the clinic so
Tiffanyg: I like decided instead of holding shit in I was just going to lay everything out.
Tiffanyg: And I've been very open and talking about everything with everyone. Everyone knows what's going on. I've been very, you know, felt very comfortable with being able to do that. If I hadn't been able to do that. I don't think I'd be here today. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, well, I encourage you to continue doing that with the clinic, you know, yeah, you know, keep keep being really honest like you've been
Tiffanyg: Yeah, that will help you. Okay. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, well done. That's all I, those are all the questions that I had so
Tiffanyg: Oh, yeah.
Shawn Phalen: If you ever need or want individual therapy, just let us know.
Tiffanyg: Okay. And who are the counselors for that. Are you one of them.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah. Me, I'm one of them. Yeah.
Tiffanyg: And who else is doing. If you don't mind me asking
Shawn Phalen: Um, you know, I'm not sure how many other counselors, they have that are doing individual work. I mean, I know there's probably more than a couple
Tiffanyg: Into call
Shawn Phalen: Here, you know, there's more than a few that are doing it so
Tiffanyg: Okay, yeah, you can just call an ass if you need it. Okay, awesome. I do need to go though because she just called me she's off early.
Shawn Phalen: Take care.
Tiffanyg: Actually, can you tell me one thing you're no with it. Can you see if it says when my next appointment with Dr groves is
Shawn Phalen: It doesn't show me.
Tiffanyg: Okay, I'll just call the virtual clinic and ask them, I think it's the six but I'm not sure.
Tiffanyg: Okay. All right. All right.
Tiffanyg: Thank you, Sean.